Update integrations (#3278)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/ecosystem/integrations.md

---
title: Integrations
description:
  Libraries, services and apps with first-party support of OpenTelemetry.
aliases: [/integrations]
---

OpenTelemetry's mission is
[to enable effective observability by making high-quality, portable telemetry ubiquitous](/community/mission/).
This means, that we not only want you to get observability for the applications

> you develop, but that observability should be built in to all the software you

Reviewer: … software, such as? do we want to call out APIs, cloud providers, frameworks?

Author: I'd like to keep it rather generic at this place and also not write "libraries, services, and apps" once again.

use!

> On this page we showcase a non-exhaustive list of libraries, services and apps,

Author: ```suggestion
On this page we showcase a non-exhaustive list of libraries, services, and apps,
```

that provide you with easy-to-use observability powered by OpenTelemetry. Those

> libraries, services and apps have either integrated OpenTelemetry APIs & SDKs

Reviewer: nit: libraries, services, and apps

Author: ```suggestion
libraries, services, and apps have either integrated OpenTelemetry APIs & SDKs
```

> On this page we showcase a non-exhaustive list of libraries, services and apps,
> that provide you with easy-to-use observability powered by OpenTelemetry. Those
> libraries, services and apps have either integrated OpenTelemetry APIs & SDKs
> directly for **native** out of the box telemetry or they provide a first-party
> plugin that nicely fits into their own extensibility ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following list contains a sample of libraries, services, and apps
that have either integrated OpenTelemetry APIs and SDKs directly for
native telemetry or provide a first-party plugin that fits into their own
extensibility ecosystem.
```

- Link to the documentation that explains how enable observability using
  OpenTelemetry

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}

If you provide external integration of OpenTelemetry for any kind of library,

> service, or app, then [add it to the registry](/ecosystem/registry/adding).

Reviewer: rather than "then add it" maybe use "then consider adding it"?

Author: ```suggestion
service, or app, then [consider adding it to the registry](/ecosystem/registry/adding).
```

> If you provide a solution that consumes OpenTelemetry to offer Observability to

Reviewer: s/Observability/observability

> If you provide a solution that consumes OpenTelemetry to offer Observability to

Author: ```suggestion
If you provide a solution that consumes OpenTelemetry to offer observability to
```
